♪
♪ Every day is payday ♪
♪ Swipe my card, then I do the Nae Nae ♪
♪ You're talking to a lady ♪
♪ I want a Kanye-ye, not a Ray J ♪
♪ So that's a no-no ♪
♪ I'm a Maybach and you's a Volvo ♪
♪ This convo beat like Dre-e ♪
♪ I already know what ya tryin' to say ♪
♪ You say that you a balla
and I see you tryin' to holla ♪
♪ But that ain't how I was brought up ♪
♪ Next, working for the money... ♪
Get your asses out the car
right now and look at this.
We work hard. We play hard.
This party's gonna be off the hook.
What you yelling about so early?
This is me.
Desna, that cat suit is purring.
Sleek and sexual.
I'ma walk in there like this.
There's all these fancy people in there.
Okay, all right, let's see you go.
Oh, shit. ‭Look at that prance, Naomi.
Oh, my...
♪ Say that you a balla
and I see you tryin' to holla ♪
♪ But that ain't how I was brought up ♪
Desna's ready for New Year's.
[Laughs]
All right, I'm gonna walk in.
Do it.
Hey! Hey! Hey!
Slow drag it!
[Laughter]
This is how we... All right.
[Laughs] Yes!
Okay, your turn.
I did it.
Come on!
Yes!
- Oh, did you see her face?
- Aah!
[Laughs]
♪ C-O-N-F-I-D-E-N-T,
that's me, confident ♪
Okay. All right. She put
a little sauce on it.
My ass is gonna be shaking.
Work all day, party tonight.
♪ Boy, I think you know
who run this house ♪
♪ I ain't thirsting for no bae ♪
♪ 'Cause I already know
what ya tryin' to say ♪
♪ You say that you a balla
and I see you tryin' to holla ♪
♪ But that ain't how I was brought up ♪
♪ Next, working for the money ♪
♪ 'Cause that's what my mama taught me ♪
♪ So you better show me some respect ♪
♪
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[Bell rings]
Hello?
Desna?
Miss Desna?
Surprise! ‭Surprise! Surprise!
[Screams]
[Noisemakers blaring]
Oh! How I missed you.
- Oh! Get over here, Jenn.
- Yes!
It was not the same, Polly-Pol.
- Oh, Quiet Ann.
- [Laughs]
Oh, it's so good to see your face.
[Noisemaker blares]
How you feeling?
Did... Did you get my boxes?
Yeah. I'm just glad to be out.
[Chuckles]
♪
Uh-oh!
Oh.
This one.
- Unh-unh.
- Oh!
- And she's a lady.
- [Laughs]
Come on, girl.
Ooh! You see the little hips?
Look at these hips. [Laughs]
- Where'd you learn to do that?
- ‭Get it.
[Laughter]
[Clears throat]
Looks like I missed the party.
You wouldn't have if you were on time
for once in your dirty life.
[Laughs]
[Clears throat] Pol, this is Virginia.
She was... filling in
while you were away.
Oh, it's a pleasure to meet you.
You, too, girl.
Where are you living?
Um, I got a, um...
a sweet little townhouse by the marina.
Snug as a bug in a rug. [Chuckles]
And the view of the water
is spectacular.
[Giggles]
This feels like old times.
♪ I do my hair toss, check my nails ♪
♪ Baby, how you feelin'? ♪
♪ Feeling good as hell ♪
♪ Hair toss, check my nails ♪
So, go ahead, girl. What happened?
I met this white bitch
up in Key Biscayne
in the line at Costco for pizza.
And she said she's a dancer.
And I said,
‭"Well, I used to dance, too,
back before I had my baby."
She goes, "You ever lay
a trap back in the day?"
For what kind of animal?
The male variety.
Trapping is hoin'.
Oh. [Laughs]
We get up there.
There's this medium-fat white dude
with a captain's hat and a shorty robe,
not much else on.
He's up there watching "Hannah Montana."
A regular James Bond.
- [Laughs]
- Polly.
He gets all excited
‭and starts clapping and saying,
"Ooh, a pizza party, a pizza party!"
like my little nephew when we saw we're
gonna take him to Michael's.
Meanwhile, white bitch
is taking her clothes off,
like, "Hey, y'all, come on.
There's a pizza party. Come on, now."
He wanted you to wrestle
in the pizza, didn't he?
Give me that.
Here you go, girl.
I called my boo to come collect my ass.
That's when bitch flipped out
and started rubbing pizza
up in my scalp.
Meanwhile,
‭the captain's in the bathroom.
Locked his ass up in there,
and he's crying.
- What a useless turd.
- [Tires screech]
There's nothing in this world
quite as useless
as a useless man.
[Bell rings]
Okay, okay, okay, honey dancer.
Keep doing your thing.
Hey, Roller.
Peaches. Call me.
Who's Eminem's brother?
Beauty consultant.
Woman: Consult me, baby.
China doll, you think you
can handle a topcoat?
Girl, yes.
I can handle a lot of stuff.
Oh, oh, oh, I'll do it, Des.
Ah, ah, ah. I got it, girl.
♪
♪ Come now, come dry your eyes ♪
♪ You know you a star,
you can touch the sky ♪
♪ I know that it's hard,
but you have to try ♪
♪ If you need advice, let me simplify ♪
You so nasty.
I need you to do
‭some banking for me, baby.
Today? It's New Year's, Roller.
Plus, we just did a run on Monday.
Dr. Ken...
[Gasps]
[Both moan]
He's having some containment issues.
[Both moaning]
We're moving more Oxy than CVS, baby.
Okay. Hold on.
Wait, wait, wait. Wait, wait, wait.
I need at least $20,000.
For what?
I told you... I want to start my...
I want to start my nail business
and my new nail s... [Moans]
My new nail salon
and stop all these shenanigans.
You play too much.
Yeah. Can you feel that, huh?
[Moaning]
[Moaning continues]
Still dreaming, ain't she?
You gonna be the fingernail
maven of the Gulf Coast, huh?
Squeeze my neck, baby. Squeeze my neck.
Come on, baby.
You got control. Squeeze it harder.
I am.
Come on, baby. Harder.
Ahh! Ahh!
Harder!
[Groaning]
♪
[Sighs]
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Hey.
Oh, Lord. [Chuckles]
I thought you was trying to kill me.
[Laughs]
Can't we just do the run
first thing tomorrow?
No. It's got to be today, baby.
You know how Dr. Ken get.
That's gonna draw a lot of attention,
and I draw attention.
Yeah. Yes, you do.
Listen, baby,
‭you just got to be careful.
Mm. ‭But you said I could be done.
Oh, is that what I said, huh?
You know that's what you said.
- Hey.
- Get off me.
- Look at you, baby.
- Get off.
Hey, one more run, huh?
I promise you Uncle Daddy's
gonna hook you up tonight.
Mmm.
Hm?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah? ‭This is a new era, baby.
- Is it?
- Yeah.
How about next time wait for me
to at least get my spank off?
Nobody got time for that.
You play too much.
Hey. What's with pretty baby?
Jennifer: Oh, she used to dance
at She She's
till she bit
a Mississippi state legislator
for trying to put a cigar in her ass.
[Chuckles] Lit?
[Laughs]
Come on, girl.
She's settling right in.
[Bell rings]
[Whistles]
What's the word, Polly bird?
Oh, hey, Roller. I'm fine.
Hey, we got to do a run.
It's New Year's Eve.
We got customers up in here.
- Well...
- No, we can take care of it,
me and the new girl, right?
Right, sugar?
Uh, what kind of run?
I'm not talking to you.
Okay. I was just wondering.
Please don't do that.
Okay. I was just trying to be helpful.
Want to be helpful?
Help me in the back
for a second... right now.
I will let you know
if I need any extra help,
extra anything.
You got it?
Okay. I mean, I know
what's going on around here.
What is it you think you know?
That there's a whole lot more to life
than just painting hooves.
That may be.
But you gonna want to follow
my lead on this one, hmm?
It don't have to be hard, but it can be.
[Sighs]
So, where were you all this time?
A little vacay.
Cap d'Antibes for six weeks
as the personal guest
of novelist Judy Krantz.
Oh. Okay.
Another run?
I know.
[Sighs]
Jews for Christ are hopping today.
Roller said something about my bonus.
$20,000?
Hmm.
Oh! Hallelujah.
The Dixie Mafia
‭does a woman right, for once.
Girl, you deserve every penny.
[Both snap]
[Chuckles]
So, what's going on?
My titties.
Hurt?
That's what I said. My titties hurt.
I'd like to start you
on 40 milligrams of oxycodone
every 12 hours.
We dispense on site, if that works.
It's cash only, though.
V-E-R-L-A.
M-I-N-D-E-R.
Desna: Another run, huh?
This is so no longer my job, Ken.
We did 11K yesterday.
Desna.
Get a load of these two.
The Russians... they come in here
every day, all day, just sitting there,
and they walk out at 5:00 on the dot.
Tell Roller.
He said to talk to you.
Of course he did. [Sighs]
No, no, no, no. I just can't believe...
You haven't been hitting
the product, have you, Kenneth?
That would be completely unethical.
[Horn honks]
[Tapping on window]
Got to run. Happy new year.
♪
♪ Yep ♪
♪ I met a lady girl named Sally Boo ♪
♪ Down at the diner ♪
♪ She wore a polka-dot dress
and some high-heel shoes ♪
Virginia's starting to ask questions.
Jennifer: Hey, girl, hey.
How come I keep farting out condom?
[Both laugh]
She is a shifty little thing.
Kind of reminds me of me.
♪ And all the girlies hated ♪
♪ The fellas wanted to dated her ♪
♪ And all I could say to her was ♪
♪ ...all the haters ♪
♪ Let me see you rock, little Sally ♪
♪ Let me see you pop, little Sally ♪
♪ Let me see you twerk, little Sally ♪
♪ Let me see you work, little Sally ♪
[Tires screech]
Look at this. It's good, right?
Wow, Des.
That looks like your dream salon.
Ann, will you drop me off at my car?
I'm going to check this salon out.
Look.
♪ She wore a polka-dot dress
and some high-heel shoes ♪
♪ She was so fine, ah ♪
♪ ...all the haters ♪
♪ Oh, Sally, ...all the haters ♪
♪ Yep ♪
Yes!
I can't believe
‭she's letting this place go.
And there's 12 pedi lounges, right?
- A full bar?
- 16 stations.
I'm home.
And you're sure this is your style?
Positive. This is all me.
♪ Yep ♪
[Door opens]
Dean?
What you doing?
I made more.
Ooh. Look at that.
You like them?
Yeah, very much.
They look realistic?
I mean, as a taxpayer,
do they look professionally done?
As a taxpayer, yes.
Look, you got clear, clean lines.
Look at that.
You got a lot of detail in there.
Look how cute you made me. [Chuckles]
You know I'm always gonna
take care of you, right?
You always do, Sis.
I always do.
And we always gonna be together.
Come on. Arms in.
Both of them. Come on.
And soon I'm gonna get us
that castle by the sea,
and we gonna live together
forever and ever.
State-of-the-art gym?
That's right.
No more black mold.
No more mold.
Dual masters.
You know it. I got us a plan.
Oceanfront.
[Yawning]
‭Have fun at the party, Dennie.
It's gonna be good.
Happy new year.
[Bell rings]
- Happy new year.
- Aha! Oh!
- Aah!
- Ooh, babe!
- Hello, handsome.
- I know.
Mm-hmm.
Can somebody help me with my belt?
Let me do that.
- You wearing that?
- She's not coming.
- I'm not coming.
I do not acknowledge that.
I do not respect that.
- Thank you.
- ‭I-I just have a lot on my mind.
We want you to come shake
your ass for a minute.
- Yeah.
- This ass is all shook out.
- Do y'all hear this?
- Mnh-mnh.
From our very own lady of mystery.
Sometimes you disappoint me, Polly-Pol.
Sorry.
Where's your car, Pol?
Um, oh, I parked far today.
You okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
Hey, did, uh,
Magda take care of you inside?
Yeah. She was kind.
I got you a little token
of my appreciation.
For everything.
For holding my job and being my friend.
Versace!
She did not!
Oh, she did.
[Chuckles]
Thank you, baby.
Happy new Year. Oh!
Tear it up tonight, will you, Des?
Rest assured on that one, baby.
It will be torn.
Oh, I know it will.
- Bye, y'all!
- Bye-bye!
- Have fun!
- Love you!
- Get home safe.
- Oh, I will. Bye.
[Doors close]
[Engine starts]
♪
[Indistinct conversations]
[Orchestra playing]
Woman: Experts say that...
[Bell dings]
[Announcer speaking indistinctly]
[Cheering]
♪
[Deejay speaking indistinctly]
Hey!
- Hey.
- Hey, girl!
Ooh!
[Laughs]
Hey, where's Roller?
He's back there with Uncle Daddy.
♪
Yeah!
God damn, Uncle Daddy.
Yeah, that's good shit right there.
Cocaine and oysters.
Need your own cooking show, Daddy.
[Chuckling] Yes, I do.
[Spits] God damn it!
These shits have turned!
Toby!
Get that caterer.
Hurry up, boy!
You gonna get some big old
hootenannies, ain't ya?
Don't you touch
that wittle-bitty dickie-doo
of yours, boy!
I love that little dick.
I know you do.
God damn it.
Man: Some kind of problem, Mr. Husser?
Oh, yeah, ‭there's some kind of problem.
What the hell these
supposed to be... Apalachicola?
Yes, sir.
Yeah. Well, they taste like
a dead hooker's cervix.
Eat one.
I said eat one!
[Slurps, gags]
- Eat another one.
- Uncle Daddy, don't let it ruin...
Hey, it ain't gonna ruin...
It ain't gonna ruin my night, boy.
Eat one!
[Slurps, gags]
Huh?
- Oh!
- God damn it!
Now get out of here!
Happy new year!
[Laughs]
Aw, shit.
‭You did so good this year, boy.
You did so damn, damn good
with that clinic.
[Sniffs]
Ahh. [Sniffs]
How good?
- How good?
- Yeah.
How about 3-5-0-0-0-0-0 good?
Shit. That's a whole lot
of zeros there, Uncle Daddy.
Pure profit. Best year we ever had.
Reminds me of the old days in Biloxi...
with your daddy.
Yeah.
Hey, Uncle Daddy, you gonna give Desna
that bonus check tonight?
Ooh.
[Sniffs]
Desna. You know. Yeah.
That that little gal
that wash all that money?
Yeah, I got... Shit, I got an
envelope for her somewhere here.
Forget about it. Come here.
Don't talk about that.
Let's talk about something else.
- Let's talk about all this good stuff.
- ‭Yeah.
You know all this good stuff's
'cause of you, right, baby boy?
Really?
You and Jesus Christ.
Well, first and foremost, yes, sir.
[Chuckles]
I got something for you.
Hey, now.
[Laughs] I ain't shooting.
Happy new year, boy.
It's a new year. It's a new era.
New digs.
Oh, hell no.
Oh, hell yeah.
Don't play with me, now.
Oh, you gonna like it.
That's me?
That's you. It's big.
[Both laugh]
♪
Hey!
Hey, Brycey!
- Ah!
- They're so crazy.
[Cheering]
Oh! Polly!
I wore this to Reagan's
second inauguration.
Still fits!
Okay, baby.
[Laughs]
[Cellphone beeping]
Where you going?
How quickly you forget us!
I see how you are!
I told my husband I was buying beer.
I-I put a towel down in the backseat.
How come you never say anything?
Words are bullshit.
All: Eight, seven, six...
Five...
Four...
Three, two...
[Laughs, gasps]
One!
[Cheering]
Uncle Daddy: Hey, listen up, y'all!
Listen up, y'all!
My baby boy! I love him!
Where's my other boy?
Where's my pretty little boy at?
Right there.
Get your ass up here, boy!
Get your ass a drink
or something. Come on, now!
These are my two baby boys, right here,
and I love them both. I do.
Mwah!
There's a good one and the bad one!
Hey, this is a new era, y'all.
Happy new year.
- Happy new year!
Have a good one! God bless y'all!
Where's Miss Desna?
Hey, hey, Miss Desna, Miss Desna.
Come on.
I got to go. Excuse me.
Come on... Come on over here.
Talk to you.
Miss Desna, Miss Desna.
Happy new year, baby.
Happy new year.
We had us a major year.
I mean, we made us some money.
All 'cause of my baby boy.
All 'cause of his hard work.
You know what I'm saying?
Man, we did so good,
we're gonna finally get us an MRI truck.
How about that? Yeah.
But I got a little something for you.
Yes, I do.
That's for Miss Desna.
[Chuckles]
Happy new year, baby.
Same to you, Clay.
You have fun with that.
♪
That's it?
Where's the rest?
Hey.
Want me to spill my drink in her hair?
You know I don't care.
It's about respect.
What's wrong, baby?
Supposed to be a happy night, huh?
Mmm. Happy new year, baby.
He tell you what he was giving me?
Hell no.
If I knew what he was giving you,
I would have told him,
"Hell no, that's not enough."
Come on, now.
What'd he give you?
Same shit.
I'll take care of it, baby.
Come on, now.
I'm supposed to be done
with this nonsense.
Come on, baby.
No. Look, look, you asked me
to help you for a year.
I did that.
Mm-hmm.
And we...
We had an expiration date,
Roller, and guess what.
That bitch just happened.
Ease up, baby, huh?
Roller, I could go to the fed
for washing money for y'all.
- Mm-hmm.
- ‭This is not what we agreed upon.
It was supposed to be 20K
and then I was out.
Where my money?
I got you, baby.
Bull to the shit, Roller.
I can't open my salon with $3,000,
three funky thousand dollars.
- Desna...
- What can I do with that
"D."
What?
You're fittin' to ruin my night.
That what you want to do?
[Spits]
Uncle Daddy said something
about an MRI truck.
Yeah.
[Laughs]
Yeah. Uh-huh.
Dr. Ken's gonna bring
all them patients in there.
We gonna make everything look legit.
Too legit to quit, baby.
We're gonna have you run it, hmm?
So I'ma do more work and not get paid.
Yeah, that's not what you promised me.
You're murdering shit, girl.
You're assassinating shit
out here, baby.
Want me to lick that kitty, huh?
Come on.
- Huh?
- I got to go.
Where you going?
I got to go.
Go where?
Yeah?
I said I would be home by now.
I'll call you tomorrow.
Hey, baby, happy new year.
We shall see.
Thank you, baby.
Oh, you got it, darling.
Brienne, you keep eating those,
you're not gonna be hungry for lunch.
Woman: We got a clean-up on aisle 6.
What you got, num-num? Let me see.
Oh, what is that?
[Both laugh]
Mommy, what's that old lady crying for?
[Crying]
Pol?
Okay, come on, guys.
What's wrong, Polly-Pol?
Oh, hey, girl.
Um...
No what? Nothing.
‭I wasn't gonna say anything.
Say what?
Nothing.
Y'all have already been so good to me.
[Sobs]
Polly.
I'm finished is what.
I had to pay restitution to
all the seniors in St. Pete's.
Okay.
You know, the... who I, um...
scammed...
with the I.D. theft.
Yeah.
Oh, honey.
[Crying]
Desna: Still in the prom dress?
Gloves and all.
You liar.
Why didn't she tell me?
She said she was embarrassed.
Life sure is tricky
with that leg jewelry.
Hey, girls!
‭Act like you got some sense.
Come on, baby. No, no, no.
Let's respect the space
the man has laid out.
[Cellphone chimes]
♪
_
Roller moved to Gulf Drive?
He didn't tell you?
Bryce said Uncle Daddy
bought him a new house
'cause he did so good with the clinic.
Ain't that some cousin-lovin' shit?
You better go tell him.
♪
♪ I'm about that money ♪
♪ You can't run me ♪
♪ I'm about that money, whoa, whoa ♪
♪ You can't run me, hold up, hold up ♪
♪ I'm about that money, money, money ♪
♪ You can't run me, talking, talking ♪
♪ I'm about that money, whoa, whoa ♪
♪ You can't... ♪
[Music stops]
What you think, girl?
Same old shit, huh?
Dual masters.
Got the zebra drapes in the bedrooms.
And we got the Japanese toilets
to clean up under the 'neath-'neath.
[Smooching]
Splish, splash.
"D," this is all mine.
All this matching me, too.
You know what I'm saying?
Uncle Daddy made me the face
of the operation.
I want my money, Roller.
[Sighs] Des,
‭I know you're a little upset
about the house,
‭but family's a bit different.
- No.
- Come on, now.
I want you to call Uncle Daddy now.
You owe me.
Des, I don't owe you shit.
Let me refresh your memory a little bit.
If it weren't for me,
you'd be slicing off bunion skin
for the rest of your life,
so you need to start saying shit
like, "Thank you, Roller," okay?
I told you once I'm gonna fix it.
I'm not gonna say it again.
Slow your roll, yeah?
[Keys jingle]
Des.
Hey, Des, come on. Des.
You know you're my girl, right?
Huh?
[Clippers buzzing]
♪
Roller: Squeeze my neck, baby.
Oh, Roller, I don't like that.
Squeeze that shit.
♪
Virginia's a no-show again.
Des, she'll be there.
Oh, she will?
I don't know, Des.
Listen. ‭You know what I do know?
Polly needs to go.
Tell her to find a cracker
somewhere else.
- Why?
- I don't know.
That little tennis bracelet
she's wearing...
it's not a good look, Des.
I don't do tennis bracelets.
Neither does Uncle Daddy.
Who told you about that?
I don't know. Just a little bird.
Hmm?
Can't have that bitch checking
in at the P.O. every week.
I'm gonna tell her
if you can't tell her.
[Virginia giggles]
I'll tell her.
I'll handle it.
Hey, Des, you might as well
make some peace with Virginia
'cause, uh, she's gonna be here
for a while,
so bring her in a little more.
I sure will.
Poor girl deserves a chance.
I got to go, Roller.
[Nails scratch, hand slams]
[Gasps] That's a $1,700 bag.
[Bell rings]
Hey, y'all.
Mornin'.
- Look at you!
- Hi!
Somebody's feeling better.
Girl, yes. ‭I just needed me some sleep.
Well, I'm fixing to head over
to the Jews for some coffee, hon.
Can I get you anything?
No. I'm okay. Thank you.
Divorce?
What?
[Scoffs]
♪ War, huh, yeah ♪
What the...
Out, now, private dancer.
You're done here.
I ain't got to answer to you anymore.
Oh, hell no.
♪ Absolutely nothing ♪
Get out! Get out!
Get her ass out of my shop!
- Get off of me!
- Don't struggle.
Come on.
♪ 'Cause it means destruction ♪
♪ People lose their lives ♪
You thought you was gonna skip
a couple steps, huh, bitch?
Ow!
Look at you.
You nothing but a tossed-out,
pimp-less, junior Okeechobee
cocksucker of the month
with your skank-roid ass
hanging out your clothes.
I gave you a chance, bitch,
out the kindness of my heart.
I taught you a trade, bitch,
and this is how you thank me?
This is how you thank her?
- I can help y'all, Desna.
- I don't need your help!
I'm capable of all kind of shit!
Yeah, we don't need your help.
Yeah. Uh, oh, hey, y'all.
Desna.
Poor girl. She just had an abortion.
She all right.
I know you was the one who told Roller
about Polly's ankle bracelet.
Shame on you, coming
after a 45-year-old woman.
I'm not 45!
You're done, bitch.
You was never gonna be in my crew.
[Scoffs] Never, ever.
Now take your stupid
"love me long time" cum face
as far away from here as you can.
You got that?
Dummy!
That's fine with me.
Forget all y'all old-ass bitches.
Out here wasting my God-given talent.
- Talent?!
- Talent? What talent?
Foreskin management?
We don't need that here!
No. Unh-unh.
Give me my purse! Give me my purse!
No, Polly, give me my purse!
There it is.
I'm out of this
‭shit-stain town, anyway.
[Scoffs]
I live at the beach now.
Stay away from him.
He loves me.
[Laughter]
That's a good one.
This bitch.
Oh, oh, hey, hey, hey,
want your cinnamon gum, hon?
Faggot.
[Laughs] But Polly
dumping that purse out, though?
Polly! Talking about,
"You want this cinnamon gum, honey?"
[Cellphone rings]
Hello?
Mandy: Hey, Desna, this is Mandy
from Quartz Sand Royalty.
Ooh.
Hey, Mandy. How you doing?
The balance on your deposit
was due yesterday.
Yeah. You know what?
I got jammed up,
and I couldn't make it over there.
Well, if you're serious
about that salon...
No, I am.
...we'll need the rest
of your deposit by Monday,
or you're gonna lose your place.
Okay. Thank you.
You're welcome. Bye.
[Cellphone beeps]
Gentlemen.
I, um, was hoping to talk to you
about my bonus, Clay.
See my mermaid?
Pretty, ain't she?
She's a little fat right there.
[Chuckles]
Kind of like a...
like a manatee mermaid.
[Chuckles]
She's really nice.
This is how I relax.
Don't I seem relaxed?
You do.
Um, here's the thing.
Roller and I had an arrangement.
Oh, yeah, ‭I... I heard about that.
Can't say that I blame you.
Well, he promised me
a certain amount of money
for the work that we do
for the clinic...
a little every month
and then a bigger amount at the end.
Well, how much he promise to give you?
$20,000.
[Grunts]
Damn.
I went and cut her titty off.
Look, Clay, I need my money.
$20,000 is a whole lot of money,
little girl.
Right, but we had an agreement.
I agreed to precisely none of it.
Now, I'll get you more money
when we open more clinics.
Not before.
[Sighs]
Man: ...to soften with the breath.
Good.
Something wonderful is about to happen.
Look. Can you see what you're holding?
It's a brand-new baby star.
[Clicking]
[Cellphone ringing]
[Cellphone beeps]
What?
The Russians are back.
They're counting customers.
Tell Roller.
I'm not calling Roller.
I don't know what to do.
It's nuts in here.
Everybody got their government check.
Damn it. I'll be right there.
♪
It's a valid prescription!
Give me that!
Some dumbo tried to flush
a meatball sub down the toilet.
[Straw squeaks]
Where are they?
Guys.
Do you have an appointment?
- This is mine!
- Get the hell away!
This is my medicine!
I don't think you get
how bad I'm hurting!
If... If you don't have
an appointment, you got to go.
[Speaking Russian]
Is it loose in here?
Woman: We need you to stay
in the reception area.
Comrades, up and out.
[Speaking Russian]
Get to steppin' if you don't
have an appointment!
Get the hell out.
Now.
[Urinating]
Dean: Dennie?
[Sighs] Yes, Dean?
You see I hung up your pretty towel?
I see. I see it.
How come you didn't use it yet?
I don't know.
How much was it?
A lot.
Um, $300 maybe.
You should use it, Dennie.
You deserve pretty merchandise.
Thank you.
Oh, no!
What? What, Dean? What's wrong?
It's... It's raining in the house again!
I'll take care of it in a second.
[Groans]
You said we were moving!
We are.
When?!
Soon!
You said that last year!
Can I just get two seconds
to myself, Dean?!
Ahh!
[Water trickling]
[Groaning]
[Sighs]
♪
[Spanish singing.]
♪ Según tu punto de vista ♪
♪ Yo soy la mala ♪
♪ Vampiresa en tu novela ♪
[Chuckles] ♪ La gran tirana ♪
[Bell rings]
♪ Cada cual en este mundo ♪
♪ Cuenta el cuento a su manera ♪
♪ Y lo hace ver de otro modo ♪
♪ En la mente de cualquiera ♪
♪ Desencadenas en mi ♪
♪ Venenosos comentarios ♪
♪ Después de hacerme sufrir ♪
♪ El peor de los calvarios ♪
♪ Según tu punto de vista ♪
♪ Yo soy la mala ♪
♪ La que te llego hasta el alma ♪
♪ La gran tirana ♪
♪ Para mi es indiferente ♪
♪ Lo que sigas comentando ♪
♪ Si dice la misma gente ♪
♪ Que el día en que te deje ♪
♪ Yo fui quien salio ganando ♪
♪ Fui yo quien salio ganando ♪
Listen, you need money, you tell me.
You need extra shifts, tell me.
This is our place, okay?
[Voice breaking] Okay.
This is our crew.
I'm gonna take care of you.
[Cries]
I'm gonna take care of all of us.
Virginia: [Gasping] Stop choking...
Stop choking... Get off of...
You're choking... Stop choking me!
[Gagging]
Get off of...
Baby, baby, squeeze my neck.
Roller, get off!
Move it, dumb-dumb.
And for good this time.
We full up on herpes around here.
Get!
Just tryin' to teach you
something, baby.
Guess I need to find me
a real woman, don't I, huh?
♪
Get your threads.
Take care of Polly?
Mm. You know it, baby.
I told her she had to go.
That's my girl.
Hey, careful, girl.
You're catching skin.
Damn.
I'm sorry, lover.
Uncle Daddy said you came over
making hella demands.
You check yourself.
‭You're not doing that no more.
I'll drop a little gem for you.
See, every critter got they
place in the jungle, see?
I got mines. Uncle Daddy got his.
It sound like you a little
confused what lane you in, girl.
You work for me, okay?
I keep trying to tell you everything
is the way it's supposed to be.
No more crying to Papa Bear.
You feel me?
I'm sorry. And I get it.
I... I finally get it.
Fittin' to do big business
this year, baby.
It's gonna be an exciting time.
I believe that.
Did you enjoy living in
this beautiful house, Roller?
What you mean, did I?
I'm still enjoying this bitch.
[Chuckles]
You know what else I enjoy?
What's that, baby?
Hey, you want to finish me off, girl?
Huh?
I'll finish you off, baby.
I will finish you.
Aah!
[Clang]
You like that, huh?!
You want me to squeeze your neck?
Oh, my God.
[Gunshot]
Now am I in your little crew?
Synced & corrected by -robtor-
www.addic7ed.com
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org